Here’s some background.

https://confluence.target.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=EDDF&title=Common+Data+Prep+by+Domain

There is a section called (Future) and (Current) under the Price-stores domain.  I am not sure we will implement the future one the way it is described there, now that we have a new table called prd_price_ent.selling_rtl_schema.  That will be up to you as the new price captain.  I have attached the current proposal for calculating future prices and past prices at the chain leve/store level.

Past work on prd_price_ent.selling_rtl_schema can be found here.
https://jira.target.com/browse/EEFE-2887?filter=-2

Finally, this is the current ticket that requires your attention. Dhawal needs your help in answering these questions, found in the link below.
https://jira.target.com/browse/EEFE-3066

Some questions for the new Price Domain Captain:
1.      What are the final columns needed in this table? (There are price columns from transaction table and new price source table)
2.      If combination of both are needed - new price source table has data only from Oct 2015. What should be done?
3.      What are the filters to use while using the new price source table?
4.      What should be the aggregation logic at transaction level?
Your role as the new price captain is to
Understand the current logic
Understand the pros and cons of using certain fields over other fields (eg. reg_retl_a versus own_retl_a versus selling_rtl_schema) and the methodology of any proposed logic (eg. taking medians versus weighted average).  This may require further data investigation of the current and new data sources.
Communicate with all scientists on DFE on your findings and recommendations.
eg If you propose to combine new price fields to form a single price field, what is the logic for combining the field?  Why did you do it that way and any assumptions?
If you choose to leave the price fields separated, other data scientists may ask for your point of view of which field to use and why.  You may or may not be prepared to answer that, depending on the exact questions, but you should be prepared to answer the semantic definition of the fields and provide your recommendation on the pros and cons of using each field.  That would require an understanding of the data quality of the fields.
Own the imputation logic
There may be use cases where the current imputation logic is inadequate.  For example, we don’t expect 0 prices or negative prices or even extremely small prices (eg. penny prices or something that shows a price of 1.99 when the prices in other stores/days is 19.99).  What is the proposal to clean the data so that these anomalies don’t occur?  What are the pros and cons of doing that?  Sometimes fixing anomalous prices may require new filters on the sales data.  If so, you need to talk to Akshita to coordinate on that, as she is the sales captain.
QA the finished product to ensure that the results are what you expect.
Keep the confluence page above up-to-date.
Attend the relevant meetings.  We have a few meetings on this topic on Mondays and Thursdays, and I will ask Gaurav to forward the invite to you.
The price captain is the ultimate decision maker of all pricing-related data questions for stores.  That means that if there are conflicts on differing point of views, it is up to you to decide how they will be resolved.   You will also be the point of contact for engineering moving forward when they have questions.

In terms of immediate next steps, Dhawal needs his questions answered in order to for him to move forward.  After reviewing these documents, if you have additional questions on the documents, please let me know and I can help answer the questions you have.
